Most of you watching this are aware
that there's a quickening of events happening here on Earth.
In response to this many people are having unexpected
and surprising spiritual awakenings.
One such person is Hazel Courtney.
Hazel, who has also been part of
Dr. Gary Schwartz's afterlife experiments,
underwent a phonemonal process of awakening
in which her ability to reach beyond the physical world
emerged without notice.
Hazel let's begin.
On April 8th 1998
Yeah
when you were doing the fashionable thing,
you were in the bread hall of Harrod's
Right.
and your life changed forever.
It did.
It was just another day in another week
and I was a busy journalist
working with the Sunday Times in London
and I walked into the bread hall
and there's like a turnstile there
and as I went to go through the turnstile,
it wouldn't go forward and it wouldn't go back.
And in those few seconds it was like
a volcanic eruption had gone off inside of me.
And then as that happened obviously I was very jolted
and I had this incredible pain in my head and my chest
and then all of a sudden the turnstile moved
and I went forward,
but within about four or five seconds
I could hear this incredible voice in my head
that I knew for sure was not coming from me.
And so, obviously I was a bit fearful.
I didn't know what was going on
and I thought I better get to the doctor now.
I went outside and my driver was waiting for me.
When you think you only have seconds to live,
fifteen minutes to get to the doctor seems like
a very long time.
So the doctor was waiting for me.
They slammed me on the floor,
they put all those heart monitors on me
because they thought I'd had a massive heart attack.
But by the time they did that
I was already feeling the doctor's thoughts in my head.
I knew what he was thinking.
So that was a fairly awesome moment,
but I knew then in that second
that there was nothing wrong with my heart.
My heart was perfect.
And so when I started to tell him this
that really freaked the doctor out.
He thought
something is happening to this woman
but I don't know what it is.
So like any British doctor or any British person he said:
"You really ought to go home and rest
and have a cup of tea."
In England that's like the panacea to everything.
Here I have the keys to the universe
and he's telling me to have a cup of tea.
So this is like the Wednesday before Easter.
And I come home.
My husband's kind of freaking out,
like: " What's going on?"
He couldn't figure out what was wrong.
And then it was like really weird,
because I came back here
and I went to use the phone by the side of my bed
and I thought I better ring a girlfriend,
check out- see what's going on.
And the room was full of a mist.
It was like I was half in this world
and half in another.
I could still hear all these voices in my head.
I went to use the phone but my arm went into automatic
and my arm just put the phone back into the cradle.
It was in that second I realized that
I, Hazel was no longer in charge.
Something else had taken over
So then I thought, well I'll go wash my face.
And remember I'd had quite a shock.
The first thing I said to the doctor was...
I gave him messages to my daughter and my husband
cause I thought that I was about to die.
I looked in the mirror
and my eyes were a totally different color.
And I looked like somebody else.
I looked totally different.
I looked really young.
I'm 56.
And I looked fantastic considering what a shock
I'd just gone through.
By the time my husband came home
I told that I'd become something special.
(laughs)
So that starts well
Yeah and I said that I was going to be doing things
and he said: "What things?"
And I said I'm going to be a bit like Uri Geller.
I just knew that I would be able to do certain things.
Anyway, he went down and made a cup of tea.
That's the answer to everything in this world.
And then it started to accelerate really fast.
I love food, as you now know,
but I wasn't being allowed to eat any physical food
and the voices just wouldn't go away
and I started affecting electronic equipment.
Like when he would put the TV on I would look at the TV
and I could change channels just by looking at it.
So I knew something really really amazing was happening.
So then by about the midnight,
I thought who the hell can I call
because my brain was like cooking
I had all this knowledge.
It was like being plugged into an ultimate computer.
And I rang a friend and he said:
"You're having a bit of a spiritual [something-or-other]."
He said: "Eat sugar now."
And as a health writer I thought: "Sugar? That's unhealthy."
So I ate sugar.
I would have eaten anything if I had thought
I could shut it down.
So anyway, the next day
I kept saying to people: "Look into my eyes
and you'll know who I am."
My eyes were still changing color.
I began levitating.
I still couldn't eat any physical food,
which is so unlike me.
So then it comes to Easter Friday.
We travelled back up North
to where our home was near Birmingham.
Now Easter is, it was April that year.
And then it starts snowing.
Like there's this unbelievable weather around us.
And they said the worst storms were centred on Birmingham
where I lived.
And I don't just mean a storm.
I mean a huge storm, that people were killed
and the snow came as far South as London.
And all the stations outside of London were closed.
So by this time my secretary, who was very spiritual, said:
" Something is happening here Hazel."
And they rang a friend of mine,
and he said: "I think she could be possessed."
And I thought for God's sake
This isn't
good news.
Get real.
I'm a journalist.
We don't do possession here.
I thought what are they talking about?
So by this time I'd lost would you believe it
in two days I'd lost almost a stone,
which I can't really afford to do.
Can you explain how much a stone is
for the American audience?
Oh, 14 lbs.
within two days.
I mean it was incredible.
My eyes were continuing to change color
and then the phenomena started to come on a pace.
My secretary, she rang a friend
who's a doctor of theology
and he talked about the possession
and then I had to take to my bed
because by this time I had the most unbelievable fever.
My temperature went up to about 102.
I was visually changing all the time
and there were these voices coming out my mouth
that definitely weren't mine.
But the storm.
I knew that I was attached in some way to the storm.
So then by Good Friday,
I'd rung a doctor friend, a medical doctor
who was a fellow columnist
and he said: "Hazel, I know I have to come and help you".
He said: "Something is happening here"
but he could not get out of London
because the storms were so severe
so he said: "I will come as fast as I can."
By now my husband's really panicking.
He wants to call our local doctor.
For some reason I think he mustn't do this.
I can't see a normal doctor
because a normal doctor won't know what's going on.
I didn't know then that I was having a spiritual emergency.
Come the Friday night,
I'm starting to speak languages I don't speak.
So many things are happening
but I'm in bed because...
I mean I'm freaking out now.
One minute I'm in total terror,
then I'm in bliss
The weather is like...
It was almost like a tornado around us.
Thunder, lightning, snow.
So anyway then at about 12:20
on the Good Friday night
I'm trying to get some sleep
but I'm so soaked with this fever,
I have to get up and go to the bathroom.
My eyes are like emerald green
and my husband said: "What's the matter?"
and I said: "Look, I'm just hot,
maybe I'm menopausal".
You know, men will take anything.
I think it's the menopause.
I can laugh now.
I change my nightdress, go back to bed,
and I sleep on my side,
but for some reason by this...
it's about 12:20 on the Friday night,
I'm being turned over and my hands are like this.
And I'm being pushed by something
or somebody else.
Then I closed my eyes so tight
cause I said: "Please make this stop"
and then I knew I was in a coffin in the ground
and I was like freezing to death
and I was seeing like a movie in my mind
and I was sitting in the back of a car
and I was feeling everything that that person
was feeling at the moment of their death
in this crash.
It was a very profound moment
I realized that the voice that I'd been hearing
since that Wednesday was in fact Diana Princess of Wales.
So, everybody out there please don't start laughing
at this point because...
Well not only that.
You also had somewhat of a personal relationship
with Princess Diana
I mean I'd met her several times
I was never a friend of hers.
We'd had lunch, well we had lunch once
at Kensignton Palace
and we talked about spiritual stuff
and she was really keen on that kind of thing.
We'd had a few other lunches where I'd met her
but I was never a friend of hers.
What had happened was
in the months after she'd died,
quite a few friends who were very psychich
had rung me as a journalist and said:
"Hazel you'll never believe who wants to work with you."
And I said like: "Who?"
and they'd say: "We've got messages for you"
"from Princess Diana."
And I'd say: "For God's sake, get real."
"The whole world's got messages from Princess Diana."
But by the Easter Saturday, I knew it was Diana.
So then John, Dr. John Briffa arrived
and by this time I was in a really bad way.
I was beginning to slightly decompose.
My gums were bleeding,
my eyes were changing color all the time.
I was half in this world and half in another.
I was having great trouble remaining physical.
So by the time John arrived I knew I was dying.
Actually I'm finding really hard to talk about this.
Quite an amazing journey.
And so, as this goes along...
How long did it take for you to understand this was
what is called a spiritual emergency, or emergence,
as the word is more
appropriately
But it was
about three months,
because eventually I met various healers
and after John had got me back,
because I left my physical body
and I knew I was dead.
Because I could see this thing down on the bed below me
and you know I thought: " Jesus"
"who would want to go back into that?"
I had no wish to return.
I was totally detached.
My husband, I could see him clearly downstairs crying.
I could see the doctor, trying to work on me and stuff,
but I had no wish to return and so...
Sorry I've forgotten your question now, I'm getting all
Oh, but you came to realize ultimately,
you said it took a few months but then...
It did.
This was a spiritual emergence
Right, because then I realized
that I was getting or that I had access to gifts
but I wasn't... I started making ash.
I was crashing electronic equipment.
I could see people as beings of light.
In other words, I could see
pretty much straight through people.
I was seeing energy fields.
I could see other dimensions.
I could hear other dimensions.
To some people this sounds crazy,
to others it's part of everyday life these days
but I didn't know that in the moment.
It took me a while.
In the end I saw a scientist,
Dr. Serene Roney Dougal.
I went to Glastonbury, she has a research centre there.
And she has helped quite a few people
who are going through spiritual emergency.
I had interviewed her for the the Sunday Times,
so I thought well if I go there she'll know what to do.
Because at this point I was beginning to dematerialize
and rematerialize and materialize objects and so on.
In other words, as I thought
I was creating my reality instantly.
I'd become coherent but now I know that
but I didn't know it then
In other words, I was doing these things
but I didn't know how I was doing them.
I told her the story
and my ego had begun to come into play big time.
I said to her, I looked her straight in the eye and I said:
"I know I'm becoming some kind of spiritual master."
And she put her hands on my shoulders
and she said: "I want you to listen."
She said: "You are only Hazel."
She was trying to ground me
and I was about to explode.
I know how spontaneous combustion works now.
The energy field was so enormous.
She said I want you to say that.
I want you to keep saying it.
So there was a renowned scientist telling me
that I was only Hazel,
so I kept saying:
"I am only Hazel. I am only Hazel. I am only Hazel."
To the point where I believed it 100%.
In that moment I instantly created my reality.
It was like this enormous vortex
cause I had thunder and lightning over me
almost consistently for 6, 7, 8 weeks?
Everywhere I went, there was a thunderstorm outside
and I knew that somehow this had something to do
with what was happening.
It was like this genie, this enormous genie
just went (makes crasing noise)
and that was it.
I could still hear Diana and various other spirits
and I could still see auras
but pretty much from that moment everything else ceased.
I had my life back.
It was weird because for all those weeks
when I was able to do all those amazing things,
which I used to call my tricks,
I desperately wanted it to stop
but I once I hadn't got it,
once it had all gone I was like:
"Can I have this back please?"
(laughs)
I've been trying to do that ever since.
So although you may have lost
your little bag of tricks you
were left with so much more.
the knowledge
The experience.
In other words, now I know that for a moment in time
I won the spiritual lottery.
I know I was shown through the looking glass
just for a really brief time,
but the main thing is now, that like,
when I write about this stuff now
it's all very well going off to the Himalayas
or meeting an enlghtened master
and then telling him: " You are God"
"and we're all God and we're all one."
But knowing it and experiencing it
are two different things.
and it's interesting because
other people that I've spoken with through the years
and some that we have also interviewed
have had a similar type of spiritual emergency
but what strikes me as, it is certainly showing you
what is possible.
Well I think now it's just like
now I write about things like theater healing
and spontaneous healing and telepathy
and I've been on various other journeys
and found scientists that who deal with this kind of stuff
and have the science behind it,
which for me is very exciting,
but yes I think that there is obviously
a huge awakening going on
but to know that miracles
and to also more than anything to know that
we're so much more than we think we are
and that I was using at the height of my experience
maybe I was using 20 to 25%
of my brain's potential capabilities.
Can you even begin to imagine what we would be capable of?
Once we believe we're capable.
Whoa.
It is amazing and...
a moment ago you touched on the fact that
you had begun speaking with other people
in the scientific arena about your experiences
and this in this portion
it's at some point along the way
you came in contact with Dr. Gary Schwartz.
Yes I did.
Wonderful scientist in Arizona
who has written the Afterlife Experiments
and has dealt with some of the,
probably the creme de la creme of the medium world
and the United States.
Now you went to
What happened was
Arizona. And what happened then?
Because what I did was I wrote the story
of what happened to me in a book called Divine Intervention,
which came out friev or six years ago
and then my publisher's asked me for a sequel
and I by a long... by many synchronicities
I ended up... Gary...
he very kindly read my book
and was still speaking to me afterwards
He said: "If you really had contact with Princess Diana"
" you would be willing to get on a plane"
"and come take part in the Afterlife Experiments in Arizona"
and before I knew where I was,
in October 2003, I flew to Arizona.
Gary tested me with two mediums.
One was called Allison Dubois
and the other was Lori Campbell.
They were told that someone was coming for a reading.
They didn't know which country I'd come from.
They didn't know whether they were meeting a man or a woman
and likewise for me.
Gary was very strict about that
and he's very strict thank goodness.
Yes, I know that we're never gonna convince the skeptics
but we went one Sunday afternoon in October.
First of all, Allison Dubois came in.
Gary had asked her to sit quietly and just tune in
to whoever might be in his study.
He filmed it and recorded it.
Allison...
First of all she picked up my mother.
Now remember we've never met.
She didn't know which country I was from.
She didn't know which language I spoke.
I wasn't allowed to speak.
Within 30 seconds she picked up my mother,
given me intimate details she couldn't possibly have known
about my mother, which was great
but I hadn't flown 4000 miles to hear from my mother
so then all of a sudden she switched and she said:
"I've no idea if I'm wasting your time"
but she said: "I'm seeing Paris and the Ritz."
She said: "I can see Princess Diana."
Was this Allison you said?
Yeah that was Allison.
And she's the one featured in the movie
the Medium and the series the Medium
Yeah that's right.
And she's a brilliant medium
beautiful young woman.
So she came up with Princess Diana
and then she said some amazing things.
She said... Gary then interrupted at some point
because we were together for an hour
and said: "Can you tell me what the relationship is"
"between the sitter", who was me
" and Princess Diana?"
And it was incredible.
Allison put her hands together, she said:
"It was like they were like this, but apart."
She said: "They came together as they were one."
I mean that was profound.
And she said: "Diana is saying to this person,"
"thank you for doing what you did"
"and writing what you did."
At that point I started to cry.
Because the skeptics can think what they like
but for me that was like great verification.
And then she gave some other facts and figures
and we wrote it all down.
Then Alison left the property
and then another medium called Lori Campbell came in.
Again we'd never met.
Lori said: "I'm seeing England here."
Now I could have been German.
I could have been Swedish.
I could have been anything.
She said: "I'm seeing writing."
"This woman is something to do with writing."
She described my house,
which Gary had never seen.
She described it to a tee.
Then within two minutes again,
she said: "I'm seeing a C and a D here"
and she said: "I don't know why"
"but I can see Kensington Palace."
She said: "I'm sorry but I don't know if I'm wasting"
"this lady's time but I have Princess Diana here."
Then it went on for about half an hour.
Then Gary again interrupted and said:
"Can you tell me what the relationship was between"
"Hazel", me, "and Princess Diana?"
Lori said: "It was like Hazel was hit by an express train"
"and didn't know what the hell was going on"
"but it altered her life forever."
And it sure did.
Because in other words, one week I was unhappy
and writing very successfully for the Sunday Times
and many other national newspapers
and then all of a sudden I had to swing away
and go on this incredibly spiritual journey.
What was the nature...
I'm going to ask you more about the journey
and some of the work you're doing now
but if I may just take a moment.
What was- did you ever figure out why it was
that Diana had wanted to reach you?
What were the messages?
I think that say for instance Tom Cruise
was asked by a charity to represent that charity
it would be in all the newspapers and magazines
because Tom Cruise had wanted to front a charity.
And I think the spirit world...
First of all I don't think you can get a spirit
to do something they don't want to do.
So I think the spirit- I think that in this case
willingly she became a spokesperson
in that one moment in time.
They'd said are you interested in trying
to get the story out,
that human consciousness survives physical death
and she was a very famous person.
I now know that she's coming through
to thousands of good mediums
and many other people who are claiming contact with her
and many other famous people
cause she's an ambassador from the other side
Yeah, and I think that now I don't even try
and contact her so much anymore
cause lots of other people are already doing that.
In other words, I was just there for that brief moment.
I would say why are spirits doing this?
It's almost like they're turning up the heat
so that people like Gary
can do their experiments
and finally come out of the closet and say:
"Yes we are recycled atoms."
"Yes we are recycled consciousness."
"And yes, human consciousness survives physical death."
I think that for a brief moment in time I played a part
but I do know that I'm very lucky to be alive
to sit here and tell a tale.
So where has this led you?
You have another wonderful book
that has just recently been published.
Absolutely.
So what I did was I went on to write two other health books
then my publisher asked me if
I'd like to do a sequel to Divine
and I thought well crikey
that's going to be a bit boring
cause nothing that thrilling as it were
or traumatic had happened
but the minute I committed to saying ok I'll do this
then I ended up in Arizona with Gary
and then Gary would give me the name
of people like Bill Tiller.
From Bill Tiller I thought well
I'm going to speak to Stan Grof,
Professor Stanislav Grof,
who's been studying spiritual emergency
for nearly fifty years in San Francisco.
So before I knew where I was,
I then was meeting other people
who'd gone through spiritual emergencies similar to mine.
It's like giving birth to a baby.
There are lots of similarities but everybody's
perception and their experience is unique.
I met one dear lady who'd had a spiritual emergency while
her kundalini had blown while going up an escalator
in a department store.
But she ended up 20 years in a mental home.
And this does happen
It happens all the time.
Now I lecture about spiritual emergency.
I lecture about our potential capabilities.
It's just like I'm part of a link and a chain.
It's just trying to get the word out there.
So if you can give some, a synopsis of sorts
of what you learned during the journey
of writing this book call Evidence of the Sixth Sense
from all these different scientists
and people who've experienced it,
what would you say this book is about?
Well, it's about bridging the gap
between science and miracles.
Because, for instance Stan Grof explained to me
very coherently the difference between psychosis
and a spiritual emergency.
So that was really fascinating.
And how it can happen to anybody at any time
but if you know what's happening
you can learn to handle it.
He explained which foods you should eat,
which foods you shouldn't eat,
how to ground yourself.
What to do while you're in the midst of all this
spiritual emergence.
Give us just a hint on some of the foods
you should or shouldn't eat...
Well the main thing is
and I'm sure anyone out there whose very spiritual
will already know this.
If I'd have known when I was starting to dematerialize
that if I could have just gone outside
and lain on the ground to ground myself.
I had to eat lots of sugar to keep myself grounded.
Earthing foods like porridge
because it got to the point where, when I did start eating
I couldn't , even if I walked in a room
where there was a piece of chicken
I'd have to leave the room,
because I could feel how that animal had died.
I could actually feel it.
And I remember it actually made me nauseous.
Cause I knew, I felt the negative energies.
I couldn't even read a newspaper
because if I saw the picture of a dead body
I knew what that person had done or how they'd died.
It was shocking
but it was also blissful at times
especially to be telepathic
that was great to be able to answer people's questions.
Sorry I'm deviating a bit here.
I think the main thing is
if you're going through a spiritual emergency
is to not go ringing the White House and saying:
"I'm the new world savior."
It's time to write down all the insights
because you think you're always going to
know all these things and you're not
you're gonna forget them.
So keeping a spiritual diet is really important.
Eat lots of earthing foods
and even if you don't want to eat physical food
cause you know you can live on Divine light
I know I went through that stage too
So it's... you're God in a physical body.
You need to look after that physical body.
And remember you're brain is cooking.
You need nourishment.
Even if you can only eat soups and stews
and all that kind of stuff.
And get help.
Go anywhere to any spiritiual centre
But you don't mean going to the family doctor.
No I don't necessarily, but the thing is you see if
it becomes a crisis it's multifactorial.
There are so many hundreds of realities
that I understood during those two months.
If a person starts to self harm
or if they know that they can fly from a window
that's when you need restraining in some way
but the kind of restraining that we talk about
in orthodox institutions is not
the kind of restraining I'm talking about.
Because remember, you are in such a heightened state.
You are convinced
that the rest of the world are just total idiots
and that you are the one and only person on the planet
that knows all this stuff.
I knew I could time travel.
I knew I could do all sorts of things.
but of course my poor husband he was just...
but the most interesting thing was
once it had gone on for a couple of months
I didn't need much sleep.
In fact there are many nights when I didn't need any at all
because I had so much energy.
So I remember once we were walking through the park
and I was really going for it
and he said: "Hazel how can you do this"
"when you're so tired?"
And he said: "Why aren't I too tired too?"
And he looked me in the eyes,
which were like huge black pools of knowing,
and he said: "It's because I'm in your energy field."
You know, I am my mother, father, become one
So I suppose in the new book
I've interviewed people like Bill Tiller
who starred in What the Bleep?
He told me about all of his experiments
about how our thoughts create our reality.
I interviewed Stan Grof.
I interviewed some wonderful scientists in Ohio
who now can actually show in science
if someone is completely enlightened or not
and the graphs are shown in the book.
Total coherence of the brain.
And of course then I automatically understood
how spontaneous healing can occur.
Because once you have coherence in the brain,
total coherence, then that coherence
is communicated to every cell in the body
and every cell in the body in an instant becomes coherent.
The illness just goes away.
To anyone out there who's terribly sick,
I know I'm making it sound very simple
but I now know how it works.
It was a very very interesting journey
and the very end of the journey
was that just as I was about to finish the book
Gary Schwartz rang me from America and he said:
"What are you going to be doing next Sunday
at 7:00 in the evening
and I said: "Well I'm gonna be here"
"writing this health book."
I actually do at 7:00 on a Sunday night.
And I said: "Why?"
He said: "Because I'm gonna call you at that time."
Now I did not know what was going on
but unbeknown to me
a television program was being made in America
about a medium called Sally Morgan.
And the program had asked Gary to double blind test
this medium in Westport, Connecticut in June of 2004.
Gary had never met the medium.
The medium had never met Gary.
So I know the skeptics will say I'm sure they have.
but I personally believe that they had never met.
So Gary decides that his research assistant,
she's Dr. Julie Bushell,
will act as a sitter
and they're going to see
if Sally can pick up Princess Diana.
Now I didn't know any of this was happening.
So they're in Westport Connecticut
and Sally meets the medium who's British
and she drops a bombshell as it were in his lap
because she said,
she tells Gary, she's like showing off a bit I suppose.
and she said: "Oh, I've read for lots of famous people."
She was very nervous I believe.
And he said: "Like who?"
And she said: "Well I used to do Princess Diana every week."
Now what are the chances of a TV show being made
about someone who the producers I don't think
'til that moment
and Gary certainly didn't know
that she used to be Princess Diana's medium
out of all the thousands of mediums on this planet?
Anyway, they start recording
and Gary says: "Right who are you tuning into?"
Now there are six billion people on this planet
and there's an awful lot of dead spirits over there too.
Passed on spirits.
and she made quite a few mistakes
but she also within the first 30 seconds
she starts saying things like this woman died very suddenly
and there was a car involved
and it wasn't supposed to end this way
and talks about her children and la la la la la
but of course I didn't know any of this.
So then eventually the reading finishes and Gary rings me.
It's now 7:00 on that Sunday evening.
I said: "Hi Gary, what would you like me to do?"
And he said: "Well I'm going to put you on the phone"
"with a lady, her name is Sally,"
"she's a medium from England."
Now I'm like, why do you want me to talk to this woman?
and he said: "I just want you to speak to her"
"but you cannot give her your name."
So I say to Sally:
"How are you?"
I don't know what to say
and in the end I say: "Look Sally, can you tell me"
"who it is that I'm trying to reach?"
Sally then starts to describe my garden in England
as if she was standing there.
It was incredible.
She said: "Theres a woman there walking with you"
" in that garden she's just turning around to face me now."
and then you can hear this almost like a little squealette
on the end of the phone and she says: "Oh my God."
"It's Diana."
and like, I'm like yeah yeah yeah
but even I was fairly impressed.
Then what happened was
there was a phone in the room in Connecticut
and the phone is ringing
and the recording machine clicks in
because they're filming
and there's a voice on the recording machine
saying, I think it was something like:
"Why? why?"
There was nobody there.
So the television crew have this recording
that we presume could be Diana's voice.
Because people like professor David Fontana here in the UK
have done huge amounts of work on electronic voice phenomena
we know it happens, so all in all
that gave me an interesting end to the book
and it was really weird because the day
that I was due to finish the book
was the day that the Diana memorial opened,
which is just across the road from here in London
and I just felt her.
I had a dream about her, which I rarely do,
and I ended up walking over to the monument
at 5:30 in the morning
and there was no one else there.
It was a really lovely ending
because it was like she was saying it's ok.
It was very sweet.
Thank you so much.
What an incredible journey
and for putting it down in such a lovely style
and sharing it with everyone.
I started reading the book and by the second page
I was completely grabbed
Oh you're very sweet
Oh, I really wish you the best
and I hope you sell millions and millions of copies.
Cause this is a story
that I think everyone will feel inspired and comforted by .
Thank you.
If you're interested in hearing her entire story,
pick up a copy of her book the Evidence for the Sixth Sense
through her website HazelCourtney.com
Meanwhile, to see how this picture all fits together
check out the interview with Dr. Gary Schwartz as well
if you haven't already.
Until next time, thanks for watching.
(light classical piano)